Okay, so Korea.
yeah
Where, were you in Seoul the whole time? Where did you go?
Busan?
Really? What was fun about it?
Is it like the tiny one on like the really high up and it's like blue?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. yeah.
Mmh. High bone. Yeah.
Yeah, that's definitely on my to-do list.
I've been to Seoul so many times but like never I've never really had time to venture
out. So maybe this year I'll go.
Yeah. Busan, was always on my to-do list. Where else would you go?
Yeah, Jeju is like uh like a trip, huh? You have to take airplanes.
mmh
Nice, Oh yeah.
So aesthetic, huh?
Yeah, it's definitely a cafe culture. Yeah.
Which one like do you have anything that you recommend?
Which one did you like?
Insadong. Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Is it the salt bread one?
A what? A Mont Blanc, Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Insadong is like all cafe's. It's alll cafe's.
So cute. Aren't we.
Yeah.
yes it's like
uh like  it's so like if you go
If you go the wrong way it takes forever to get there, coz it's like on a hill.
in Itaewon so like If you
go down all the way to Itaewon then you have to make your way up to the cafe
And it's like San Francisco, like the streets are like...
Yeah, and so I went with my friend in like summertime and then
By the time we were there, like we were melting.
So, we're like out of breath and we can't breathe because we're like so muddy.
It's such an amazing surprise. So cute. So next time.
That's true. You should definitely go, yeah. Actually any
any recommendation?
Did you go to the palace? Yeah, yeah.
Wow! Oh, wow.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Close, yeah.
mmh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sounds very good.
Yeah, Yes. Yeah.
Very nice.  Yeah. They , they cook late if you like.
Yeah, career starts later, right? Yeah.
Get can like alone. Yeah, yeah.
Did you do any like um
like did you have somebody showing you around or was it just you and your friends?
Solo! Solo! Wow! What did you eat?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
Uh...
I love it! Wow, a solo trip for like two weeks.
Does it ever get lonely for you? No?
mmh
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, Yeah. You're not like in complete silence. Nice.
Wow, like where'd you eat? Like because in Korea, they're all about like...
Like some restaurants they won't serve you. They'd go... Yeah. Did you experience any of that?
Really? okay.
They've probably become really supportive of everybody else. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.